Let's go on to Exercise 10,
the last exercise of our day.
We're gonna note Dev 10 and
that should be on 4010.
As mentioned, the ND stack sets
up authentication for you.
And you're more than welcome to dive
into the user model to see how some of
the user creation and
password management stuff works.
As well as this session dot
server which we actually will
be modifying to see how
some of that all works, but
we are just going to use what was
generated for us in this project and
enhance it so that we can protect
some of our admin only routes.
So if you open up the readme that will
give some background on protected
routes and things like that,
some explanation on loaders and
actions and
the way that they run concurrently.
And then, I give an example of how to
do a little bit of protected routes.
And, we actually get into
throwing responses and
why that makes this so awesome.
So you can take a look at that, and
then our exercise we want to protect all
the routes under post admin, so users
should not be able to get to those routes
or perform any actions on those routes.
And then in the extra credit,
we're also going to hide any
links that take users over there.
So, we're talking about the server
side which is where you want to put
the prediction like you
have to have it there, and
then we'll talk about the client side
to enhance the users experience by not
sharing them links they can't go to.
So, that is what we're doing and
I hope you have an amazing time doing it.